[Music]
oh well
hello
oh we're back well that was a server
issue I believe because my Internet's
totally fine so they might imagine spend
the server that was connecting to
because I didn't drop any of the chat or
frames or anything there's suddenly zero
on the actual connection for the server
so that was impressive
theory so do that probably mr. caveman
Sam what the fuck man
rude
what is that Street vidi you promised
Halloween I don't know he talked I don't
I'm gonna give it another minute or so
just so you guys can all have been
refreshed and such because this game is
very intense you know for the three camp
people watching the 170 m that's how it
works
welcome to twitch now all those people
are gone of course it's just to have the
number thing works or the fuck you know
what I mean yeah
except reading on Mario I do want to
play some more Mario but I just got told
that I could play hand of fate - I don't
want to play the game for a long time
because I fucking love the hand if they
won and I can play Mario whenever the
fuck so easy choice
make sure check the stuff
what about persona I go let's play that
anytime - this is BC only no it's gonna
be a consoles - this is sequel to that
card game so to play it with the
fortune-teller DeLuca dude yep that's it
comes out in the seventh
alright skin feels like D&D I could see
that okay let's uh let's resume playing
the video game known as this game that
we're playing today the shrill voice at
the town crier rings that across the
Market Square the upper himself seeks
adventurer guilds members Archon
expedition vital to the shape to the
Empire you spot a crowd of travelers
weighed down with weapons and tools
lingering nearby
the Emperor is offering a Rochester set
off on an expedition even more if we
take make back that's how desperate
they're all to help dealer adds a gold
counter to the map okay the Empire does
not ask for much but in the end they
take everything on arriving at the gates
of the Royal Palace an armed escort
leads you directly to the Emperor's
chambers the Emperor remains still and
sell it as his chief counsel lays out
the expedition few relics from last
stage stills on dearer than this world
we had and one in this very room until
last night she gestures an empty
pedestal to an empty path not only must
he reclaim the stolen symbol of our
power
we ask that you gather its three sibling
relics oh wow okay who stole it the
evidence suggests of CF they've seized
on a weak spot in our guard schedule
there are many treasures in the palace
it is curious that this is all they
stole I'm gonna look at an ornate hello
sits atop a stone pillar in the dust you
make out the shape of a jagged blade it
was it was was Oh No
if any developers are here highly
recommend looking at the royal palace
card and looking at at that line there
there there too was
too many one one was too many gesina
there was was a type of a ceremonial
blade it's sad for decades under our
protection
we're not protecting it you understand
we're protecting those who would try to
possess it the blade is cursed
it's venom strikes both wielder and Po
an equal measure good to go
old adventurer it took skilled and
dangerous they used us to the artifact
you need to ensure you'll be safe out
there
see our training officer on the way out
again a keen eye will notice that themes
repeat themselves events to the wheel
ever turns I like this so they have this
little setup before the actual like
mission all it actually you're greeted
by captain astral ifyour thieves are
cowards at heart they were dodge our
heaviest attacks just as they dodge the
civic duty a swift blade is best to beat
them yeah
Tiny's Adam I never understood the duel
if you are at war use every tool at your
disposal if not let things lie your ammo
oh that is HUGE you find yourself
hunting relics do you not wonder why or
what they may do I feel like we picked a
little bit above her be great if you
know what I mean well your quest takes
you far away from the city vast wild
land stretch out before you your
companion reminds you of the Emperor's
mission one relic was stolen by brazen
thieves another is in the clutches of a
shady method one is enshrined in a tiny
northern village as for the last don't
obstruct who knows
all right oh they move interesting well
let's go straight because I might be
able to thank both those two on the
right even piece I'd steal within the
wilds are home to many a rebel criminal
and beast oh the the anarchist guy the
one guy with a fire he's here not
Fernandez thanks man
a third voice for melon whoops yeah he
just gets everybody's all the time fuck
it
god I look cool though got those blades
lovely pair of fun blades fit for the
finest gentlemen
well sharp and well cared for
I didn't even get a chance to stunt the
animation les yeah the combat feels a
lot better than the first game
another was a huge complaint with the
first game even though I still like the
first game a lot I gain to fame ah get
Fame ah maybe if I do this enough I'll
be able to get put on top I'm front page
of twitch that television is that what's
that Hankinson g/l hms pledge with the
battle result you scavenge what you can
from the remains
[Music]
well I mean I know I just got these
sweet blades but this is the winters
bane and I mean fuckin badass so I mean
to say
[Music]
money children oh it's hard to conceive
that either of us were ever such I agree
actually I agree with that I can't
really remember like your picture me as
a child now that's just fancy luck it's
just food charge you ever hear a deeper
voice grouse weird to take to the Dodger
jurors who were structure whatever
northern cloudy spot from and sodam
world without postage that
shifty-looking kid Oh trust before sock
throw it said mal clips you consider the
boys fate save the boy achieving your
weapon you demand they let the boy go
the Empire soldiers are unmoved by your
threat
I'm getting old I am
I don't really have a choice in this by
the way
taken advantage taken from the dregs of
society elevated some petty positions of
power watchmen can block greatly
reducing coming damage he is bash to
open the damage
[Music]
you can't stop this party trout you'll
never see your family again
[Music]
how would I say that
it's true but damn food as you check on
the unconscious guards you notice the
boy looking at you warily as if sizing
you up oh man
alright well let's see how this fucking
goes goddamnit my luck is so bad
alright i'll reroll both of these two ND
- yeah come on come on making good rules
is this a super non sponson stream
you're damn right this is just I got the
game for free stream the boy disappears
into the forest and soon you hear him
howl from a short distance the Raiders
come out of hiding the boy shouts of
course he was a little fucker
well time to kill them to stand in the
Raiders way forbidding them to pass fuck
it I'll just be a badass
it's sponsee doesn't know about fuck
really
on the frozen plains prey are few and
far between the keen eyes of trapper CEO
trappers through hunting traps that
snare that targets use of a to avoid the
traps and change change or change move
direction rapidly to break free all
right buddy give me that shield man you
should have got better
Frank I should have freaking Perry
better
that little boy will be my peon now will
spy for me the sound of swords clashing
draws out the gas from their outpost
after apprehending the northern Raiders
the pipe the captain of the outpost and
zero reward hey thanks for health potion
that's it
you just healed me from my troubles well
I got to favor yes so people respect me
more crazy girl thanks man
light weapons are recommended against
thieves mm-hmm fuck it I'm fine
Pui look fun beyond is the thing P e om
not pease face Owen jeez
which is bein used to defend there's a
unit
so wait why are these babies our working
lives the unmet
I guess I won't complain upset versified
the enemy's God I like how far you go
yeah when you doing attack there we go
scratch stream an entire week for once
did I has it's been an entire week of
streaming
I should stop I'll quit right now with
the battle result you scavenge what you
can from the remains hell yeah I'm
loaded don't want to go up now I think
I'll go up actually a moment of peace on
your travels savor it look at that bunny
it's adorable the wilds are welcoming
they're bouncy plentiful as a life will
aroma leaves you to a troop of hearty
morals you use them to prepare a
nourishing meal
yes it all worked out in the end you
know this is gonna be fine strange
things still exist do you not see the
beauty in this plan that's true
strike a mistress what she said gently
high in a misty mountaintop you discover
a vicious thinking plant its gaping
mouth looks more than capable of
shredding you to pieces but at its base
you noticed something unusual fruit if
you throw something you may be able to
distract the savage mouth that's
allowing you to steal some fruit or a
piece of the Mantis right
No you look for something suitable the
ground the throne but quickly lose your
way in the mist that's fine I don't want
to waste a piece of equipment through
there
let's see what is this deep water okay
this thing might come to mixer but I
didn't deal with deep water
let's listen see open lots again nice
walls are welcoming their bounty
plentiful the life for Alma's eat your
stuff we're Mac self okay
you treacherous wild leaves the disaster
not every inch of the wilderness is
peaceful is this game worth getting once
it comes out well unless you're a fan of
unfun then I well I am I don't always
say this properly if you don't like fun
avoid this game how about that the
cloaks of juicy wild berries from a
thorn covered thicket the realization
they're poisonous arrives far too late
son of a bitch
and over here the open lasts
all right you find some lost equipment
discarded on the path you don't know if
it was abandoned through accident or
foul play
neat mm-hmm I think I like the Cardinal
blade more than I want to have
in what is bein is a Remora of the
Templars and their religious run g'wan
yes
[Music]
yeah
yeah let's go the carla bley Deheza nice
AoE attack I'm gonna go down here the
market thief never has a chance don't be
mad I had to leave the destiny guild
destiny clan for my target one that's
fine okay you feel someone stuck on you
okay
all right okay he's sold 20 gold we have
to get it this time
fuck fuck I think fuck okay we
he did so much is one or two I feel
Philly it has to be wanted to write I
feel like it's one
I feel like it's one
[Music]
I'm gonna do what was for it was for
nobody even said for the one person said
for
[Music]
the last 20 goal did what's this is the
potential reward for this encounter
really worth risking the risk of repeat
yes you get a card unlocks that's that's
the whole point of the game is get a
card in life's and like stuff like that
it's like saying um put it this way card
and lock Sarah if think about they were
like this card and locks are like
Pokemon you don't want to catch them all
fuck same as a people proves too much
for you and the thief makes their escape
and suck it's 20 gold money gold may
have little sense of trust for wandering
merchants true bargains are rarely found
with those who are unwilling to wait
around for their customers just their
wares negotiate for better price if you
win it will be reduced by total of the
dice I'll think that when a threat
despite your threat of violence the
mission seems nonchalant smiles and says
what does not operate this far from
civilization without insurance what's
that a piercing whistle oh boy
well that's what I get for know what I'm
doing today you're rating yourself for
comment well this is where your bean
bandits it's all good man
we're not fuck him up
that guy's cool
like a knife in the darkness the
assassin awaits assassins perform what
having attacks is evade or perish okay
hey can I have that shield again are you
Oh
[Music]
I guess guy
he robbed a person
we're the villains now the Emperor not
this time
oh you give away everything that is
critical you cannot hope to win you are
your own worst enemy here or are you
merely testing me crime doesn't pay
[Music]
fuck
after dispatching his bodyguards you
turned toward the shitty salesman
someone in the empire must really want
this back he says while gently rolling
the relic in his hands I imagine I can
make someone very unhappy just by doing
this he throws the relic to the ground
and crush the Senators foot well I'd
have preferred to profit from this
encounter I'm willing to sell it for
petty revenge
but
[Music]
study what fuck man
I can't even win now do we just restart
I don't even know I don't I gotta beat
up bad dude someone I know
instead I think it is restart right as
sad as that sounds
[Music]
so every start I think I got a restart
I never asked for this I never asked for
this well you have a sweet shield now
huh see here's the thing the hole okay
so the whole purpose of doing this is to
get medals do we have any medals so far
I don't think so they would be in that
dish to the right right even though we
have a good start
the problem is after doing that there's
not really any reason to keep going
because we can't actually do it now I
believe if they never asked for this
let's game now where they should sponsor
you have they want
yeah miss restart it man i neva know if
I can I think about it we can those who
are desperate can never hope to get the
best possible price
[Music]
Oh
interesting
[Music]
a sweating trailer comes jogging in from
so at any point I just can't
so heater comes jogging in from the
darkening wilds to join your campfire
thank god you're here I don't know how
to start a fire it's the first time
traveling to the capital interesting
[Music]
I can't believe you broke it Malcolm's
laughs they'll probably still pay you
for the shards though
he's making fun
[Music]
okay food here is more expensive
guess you think we should forfeit let's
just it yeah let's do it okay okay well
we'll restart it's fine it happens it's
fine it's okay
we'll just restart that one it's all
good you pussy why why not guys question
why not there's literally no chance of
getting the metal that we needed right
what's the purpose of writing that out
for the rest of the thing you know
there's no purpose it's not even being a
coward it's just spending or not wanting
to waste everyone's time including my
own there's no reason to keep going you
know and someone let's see someone
others not another run to though that's
the thing so we'll try that again
there's just no reason Chet
logically thinking it makes sense the
restart again
this is the ultimate role of a leader to
be an exemplar for the world as your
heart goes the body follows either
alright so this is the same situation as
the last one go there Palace same since
okay it's the exact same thing then you
know it's the weapons they are as sharp
as your wit I fear so
this time I'm gonna go straight to the
one that's not moving but Craig's
reasons play a game it's always having
fun how about winning oh my god know
what you're wasting time by research how
are you we see typing ok alright ok
alright we're gonna make it I'm gonna
visibly show you guys the the error of
your ways okay okay here's the thing
here's the thing chat okay so say for
example say for example
there is right here just say this
there's a loop box right you really like
the loop boxes in the Call of Duty's you
love loot boxes so good the way to get
the loot box is you need money right so
you gotta have your mom's credit card
right here yeah your mom's credit card
to have access to your mom's credit card
you got to do the lawn get your school
on work okay there's a long work
okay you get it okay so pretty much
right now the whole idea of getting the
loot is we gotta have access to mom's
credit card and then we got to do LAN
work so right now we would be doing lawn
work it's again mom's credit card to get
the loot
however mom throws in the fucking wrench
in the works and says fucking pay sorry
hon got laid off
sad face looks like no allowance and
orden shit so do you want to see lawn
work for fucking nothing no we're gonna
let the grass grow and wait just she
gets a fucking job so if you get a
goddamn blue boxes okay that's what it
fucking means Jesus
[Music]
you're saying now I feel like I made
fuckin sense there it's literally what
that meant
okay we're gonna go with our first
addition strategy going straight for the
one though okay it's still his problem
we must wonder ah this is thank you
I'm glad you understood what I meant
wolf girl also vivid reader explain to
me again please Luke boxes that's it all
it all boils down to loop boxes again
every time every single time okay so we
had this problem before we tried it
before we failed before let's see if we
do it again this time
what Firebird think uh very much at 34
months okay you find him sitting on a
blanket by the sewer gates you can tell
you can't sell these a gobble and human
aren't an inanimate urn animate pile of
greasy rags a few wilted daisies and
duckweed tied with a rope are flopped on
the ground around him mark my lips calls
to the creature arms outstretched I have
a favor to ask of you my handsome friend
the greasy Goblin man raises a hand to
stop the barge Braille 10 gold first you
know that and then we're gonna give him
10 gold
Malcolm steps forward as Merc counts the
coins mark old bean
the bard looks beautifully or furtively
around before quickly waving at his
shoulder
I require help and removing a certain
illness mark considers Mel eclipse for a
while the kind of information that you
would like cost more than a few coins
you sputter indignantly I would require
a test of skill
he turns a points pick a flower need it
the greasy florist displays his meager
wares alright so last time we need the
purple flower didn't work out Sula let's
try the forget-me-nots a flower tastes
pleasantly of berries and grass we got
to beat 12 with three dice can we do it
thank fucking got to be one a dice roll
and our lifespan you feel a little
starry-eyed quick what day is it
Mel cliffs and Merc wait urgently for
you to answer
shit do I really know this callus day
yes
the floors class there are claps
gleefully the most auspicious or most
oomphel day on the calendar depending on
where you stand
murky nods happy with the results he
beckons Mel clips closer of those of us
left you should seek IRA of the Vale she
may know something of the cure last I
heard she's hiding on the inner area let
us discover what the next chapter see
now dear Z judge Tatel will be we got a
loo box
we actually got a little box this time
someone let us have a little bit of
money so we did a little long work so
we'll go through with this one guess we
got a medal
see what I mean there you go oh no not
her
Malik lips strains is next fall
nervously the greasy Goblin man giggles
men that glue manically yes her she'll
likely heat your bones before she lets
you speak now if you'll excuse me I have
business to run
I can't read today god damn with that
Mel clips Mel Clips is associate turns
away in hurls a bouquet and a shots
passerby flowers flesh flowers flesh
flowers Wow
bye Marley tries okay see we already got
one thing done today
treacherous wilds she is harmful here I
prepped myself proct myself pricked
myself email the bunny fry you cut the
lawn because you love your mom you fuck
no you don't
[Music]
in your life you will have wondered
endless intersections yet this one
sticks with it's really dangerous to go
over there why what is it in your memory
that catches here I'm gonna go up and
then around then I don't wanna go
through two dangerous wilds you crazy
more dangers while solving now every
fresh encounter will cause you damage
and I'm starving
I couldn't have bought any food before
leaving oh my god
that's okay even if we lose we still get
the medal blue box it's all good guys
food is little thing goddammit I was
looking at my counter to see one
offensive line for that critter or
whatever they attack us
goddamnit I keep looking at it
I shouldn't don't don't even look at
anymore this wait
I'm gonna get it done this that's a cool
effectiveness stop looking at the
counter
you gotta restart again you get
perfectly outsole orangey you're right
you're right
see Fame
[Music]
honestly I'd rather have the daggers
I'll just sell that later three food
here we go nice
holy shit everywhere over here is
horrible you plug some juicy wild
berries on a thorn cover thinking oh my
god you know what I'm gonna go through
the dangerous walls fucking dangerous
wild at least I'll be able to
potentially get equipment or something
from killing these guys fuck this place
set up camp
hey actually that's true setting up a
camp but it's expensive there
why are you guys working with them
what the fuck
nice
[Music]
Wow Wow
Wow that time the other times I was
saying is like consistently just to make
jokes but I'm like prancing through a
fucking field
oh shit
all right give me something good here
today women again
we'll take that then food yes thank you
good okay let's equip the soldier sword
and that shield right there we go go
through okay shit two bosses oh no an
ace and also the bad boss okay
howdy huge yeah you just fine it's fine
the soldiers sword
every hero must have a heroic sword by
their side this Helen is out of the
harbor that's right
oh that's not a proper role at all I
will say this
just cuz he's really easy you just want
them to kill
Wow well I lost my combo thanks
he just sings a ton of hits
just like a little too tanky you know
[Music]
alright five encounter if I lost boy the
kids a shitter
okay there is little I can say that will
stop an adventurer pilfering ancient
artifacts the village of der niche is
unremarkable say for a tiny near for Yun
shrine here you find another relic
resting on a dusty altar an old woman
great zoom I see our industry na na
relic local legends tell of a time when
a great hero will come to claim it until
end it remains here under our watch
I'm a hero woman scoffs you are not the
hero we were promised though I do since
greatness within you a spark of nobility
but turn to us when your soul burns
brightly all right summer 8 theme I need
15 together like that or I gonna steal
it let's not be at Bandito I remember
the last time we did that don't work out
too hot all right believe it someone
planning to return once you've achieved
greater fame or are better prepared for
a food so right now we're just shinobi
the only Danza soul war just has done
rather better let us say in the time
that has passed
I would love supplies this should just
stay Mia for a few days
she says squinting at you with tired
eyes thank you ma'am
my fucking hero these are the choices
that make the hero or the villain I want
to be hero but sound crier announces the
Empire seeks mercenaries to join the
battle against the corruption you seek
out the watchtower we're recruitment is
taking place here Ivan dawn - here sir
mallow fouls a plan to wipe out the
Popish district the outbreak began there
and we cannot risk sparing any of their
lives he says so now flow the green
leaves the mercenaries - the popper
districts where the poor and sick have
been walled off from the rest of the
city as you hear them wailing of the
crumpet mr. Malla flower gives us
command to charge I won't kill the
poppers there and they didn't do
anything wrong
wait or do I want to
cuz they're grounded I can't do it
way I want to be I'm gonna be here
alright any more fame more fame means I
don't fight them right I think pretty
sure no killed
your refusal does not sit well with the
Imperial soldiers to retire one of the
soldiers shouts ooh they're enemies now
the Imperial soldiers surround you
shackles at the ready you draw your
weapons to prepare their wrath I do not
have any heavy weapons to fight all
right we'll protect the Bombers it's not
their fault I'll spread the plague
give me a shield
[Music]
you can totally definitely spend a lot
more time to town with this time
[Music]
I'm a victor
skaar weakest fuck with these guys
strongest fuck
was he there strong fearful of your
wrath the rest of the soldiers retreat
you spawned a peasant woman with a child
hiding behind some barrels you lead them
past the wall past gatekeepers who look
pointedly in the other direction this is
your heart
she says holding back tears please
accept this token of appreciation three
food
hopefully it's not possess poison
possessed and I'm dumb all right I need
five more Fame and I'll be in SWANCC
Adela key victory
[Music]
am I done trying to find factory like
you saying I
[Music]
I feel dumb I'm dumb
don't mind me I'm being the leg of a
since I've returned to this world I've
been disappointed the filth the shaves
him the horrors dwell in the minds of
men not in the monsters in the darkness
Christ said you were a vector
[Music]
cuz you make fun of it it hurts you
west winds only tavern the rusty razor
is a safe harbor
among the many dangers of the outer
reaches of the Empire its barkeep sits
outside his establishment with a look of
resigned defeat upon your arrival he
jolts straight up and smile and a smile
almost breaks look out across his face
at last someone from the guild is here
these empire soldiers have almost ruined
me before you can disagree
the owner swings open Leslie Dora the
saloon doors and push the outside inside
you discover a handful of Empire
soldiers enjoying hail rather than doing
their duty so they're being little jerk
faces the freshly invigorated barkeep
hops onto a table and shouts above the
noise you lazy drunken deserters are
done the stewards guild has sent an
enforcer here and now you're all going
to get the fuck out one of the soldiers
rises with a slight sway we've got three
days until shift fence and we return to
civilization so in not during any
boatmen they state threaten to supply
their role as a raucous cheer UPS and
beer tankard smashed together all around
cieaura he Jake your shorty little
badger shove a barkeep turns to you what
are you gonna do
no threatening you suggests with menace
that the soldiers should report to duty
or their report to the healer oh fuck
[Music]
three wanna pick three I'm gonna pick
three okay go to pick three always take
four from now on never anything else boy
is always a goddamn one to pick
god fucking damn it it's always for
always for four is always the good
choice just pick it just pick it from
now on
god damn dude I won't be threatened boy
the locks you the soldier grumbles as he
rises followed by his friends I guess
it's not a huge loss to fight we might
have gotten something extra for getting
the success of them was a huge success I
think right
Joey
[Music]
fuck right ones gonna do that Chris
sorry supposed to block that my role
though still work down there we go
what's that baddie well what does happen
here
just some video games you know also USA
high and 4cm my thanks are a game arnold
why do you use this for its holy virtues
or its cutting edge edge as soldiers
fall under yet another blow of your
weapon the leader shouts out so all
right we're gonna do our Bach just stop
cracking our skulls and I got the metal
boxes they're here I'll go here
dangerous wilds
I am saying gonna become injury that's
true this sounds so much like The
Witcher what
is it oncologist though this
some steam and consoles Hey
nice full health 25 gold this little
fuck
negotiate a better price if you win the
price will reduced by the total of the
dice
[Music]
I would have preferred to get a reroll
on that one on the right but okay it's
still too much and if I take it by force
I'm gonna come back later
can I just negotiate it again Oh took us
12 oh shit oh shit 12 with two dice and
something
oh wait that's three days
[Music]
I'm gonna read all at all actually no
wait oh god I didn't want to fuck it yes
I can buy it
guys guys
by the relic
I've only ever seen this much gold to my
dreams it's only twenty gold dude like
three apples is ten gold have you never
had what Mason seems please in the sale
what disco this is the relic oh I see I
see it see the new wielder of this item
will gain a curse and just think I can
put it on oh I am I do have it I do have
it on fuck what I see right the desert
crossing encounter is added to the map
after every encounter where a pain card
was drawn so I'm the relic is cursed
Melek oops explains ex ex claims who
would want to steal such thing in the
first place it is not one game now on
but a score each with its own EWTN's and
delicate approach
[Music]
it's open ones are good I have enough to
go down and grab the other one too way
too gonna do that hello I am here for
the relic I am the hero
the woman examines you for a moment
before falling to her knees in prayer
the Drax ring also cursed
your companion takes 30% of any resource
that you earn while they are active
really Malik lips you gotta be that way
another Coast relic now clips explains
exclaims this is not part of the deal
with the EPROM
oh you're the one who's taking my shit
now dude rude
go ahead here bountiful plenty bad feel
reinvigorated I don't need that one I
wanted the max health one man come on
open once again
give me the max health will come on
fine fine fine fine fine man choosing
plants I can't say I'd blame them okay
so well I just read it again
it's giving mouth looks more than
capable of shredding you to pieces but
at its base you know some unusual fruit
so can I just throw anything at him does
it have some other things I don't need
so throw a piece of equipment
distractible belongings are something
suitable
yeah go ahead and take the soldiers
sword it's for babies yes you launch
your soldiers sword of the creature with
a snap of its jaws the undisciplined
subtracted the fruit is especially
delicious you leaving your feeling
refreshed in the theorists by max of 10
max off
the creature curls up to protect the
remaining fruits as you leave the area
alright getting 15 max health from doing
that hell yeah no she and more open once
can I get Oh money hell yeah dude
treacherous wilds put some bad bitches
and this one's coming now what more
relic is within your grasp who hired
these thieves that is the true question
that bitches okay see use erratic
movement process right into your path
you catch up I catch them frantically
loading the relic onto a horse and cart
just your ammo for kept amiss what we
made oh she's alright well let's see how
we look now with the crazy mascot
wait what I don't see it on my face I'm
a little tilting oh shit
no it was too left Jesus there's like no
time to cure him kidding me not this is
the set of horses were you did the
carriage disappearing over the horizon
never catch them now they're like
escapes into the wilds are you joking so
I hear about that one no much exchange
that's new I am torn between my loathing
for it my said that world is become
resilient revenue and Ruth Kane as the
empire spreads I restart that never gets
old final humans a voice calls out as a
dozen small creatures leap up from the
trees around you it takes a moment to
realize their notes dirty poorly armed
gnomes
Theobald spears but most of only Iraq or
sharpest sick we see calms defend
ourselves a gnome declares lovely hand
over some of your equipment and we'll
release you we can even pay you
something I'll give you some food for
how much one of the small folk exclaims
no give me some armor and I'll give you
a Helen potion chimes in another
but um zahl loudly shout their offers
trying to try on each other out okay now
I don't need these
you surrender the equipment to the gnome
satisfied they offer payment in return
[Music]
the gnomes retreat to the forest with
our prize and soon begin fighting over
mark a thief is a token for you if you
have so much gold this time man
fuck I'll take my shit ten gold it's one
one's my guess
Brian Kruger thank you so terrible
bitsy
because reasons really buy things man I
think it's one
[Music]
you know what we'll do a straw poll we
gotta beat this fucking market thief
this is the third encounter with this
fucker we're gonna beat them as a unit
all right this is important one two
three four
we're gonna beat them together everyone
we'll beat him together
please please help me
which one is it I just got a No
well it's a lot of for actually maybe I
was wrong
that's a lot of for generally says for
are you saying for because it's usually
always for it and this for the meme now
that's gonna ruin all of these polls
from now on fuck no all right you know
that's a lot of for like a real voting
works I'm going to buy it out and I say
for MA
shit all right well let's uh let's see
chat
same
well what it was three on the list three
was the least picked actually so it
wasn't even my fault that I picked for
before got the most votes
and then the next top was two and then
it was one three had the least votes
shit what is this right here
treacherous wilds fuck going there oh
here loved ones what button to find more
food hey you're right hey I got ten gold
that's cool I'll head back here and
we'll come up right where you know I'll
beat up this little boy if you want I
don't want to but I'll do it at what age
does a child lose all right we've dealt
with a little boy went away because I
shit we got ahead offer the take the boy
to the dungeon that's a new option now
because we know what happens hell yeah
I'll take the boy to the dungeon upon
your greeting the guards recognize you
ah hero it's an honor we would be
grateful for your service the outpost is
that way they point to the West further
into the forest you lead the lost boy
away from the guards he glares at you a
contempt take him to the dungeon you
take the boy to the dungeons and claim
your bounty as the card hands either
reward you here the boy cursing you from
his cell hell yeah fuck you kid
and seven oh hell yeah no this was so
worth it
gremlins gremlins where did the gremlins
come from fuzz ball lose equipment
whenever are you
[Music]
it's really bad actually oh the boy
cursed me oh that's so bad
fuck that's so bad
that's really really really really bad
all right
they gotta somehow beat this again fuck
dude that was not worth it at all
fuck that kid dear that kids a piece of
shit
I have a basic betta shield not a huge
deal but it's all good I guess
[Music]
I'll take it do we have more time this
time last time only have 45 seconds
maybe this time limits uh they just give
me more time here's the second time
yeah take your neck out show by the way
so uh why Jack after clearing out the
thieves came to crew the little teeth we
locate the relic it's a curse piece of
armor
oh now am I about to lose my about to
lose another piece of equipment because
I'm getting this one wolf you can penny
will not aid you in combat that's fine
another accursed relic I swear before
Malik lips can finish the relics start
to vibrate and hum they glow in here yo
natural light major sour your eyes is
drawn to a similar glow emanating a
response from a distant hour do you
think they're trying to tell us
something I don't that's max let's get
ready okay well I could go let's just go
let's go through the unknown we'll see
what happens the vampire cannot cross
running water these days you must deal
with far more mundane opposition I'll
fight him I'll fucking fight him Oh cry
it only curses if you equip it just like
it said today I thought I did
did I not equip it I thought I did
just going to hit him
okay so
I guess I'm dumb
I thought you only hit him once would be
and then you hit normal but I guess he
just hit him only with bee attacks and
that he's not that bad at all I was
making it look really bad I'm stupid
having spelled the our enemies bloody I
search the bodies running the usual I
can use equipment thank you
winters warriors axe yeah I don't have a
shield anyway fucking why not
love potion thanks all right now we're
fully healed again dangerous wiles so
we're gonna lose some shit
oh we're gonna fight when any weapons
recommend I'm God Oh see I do have that
equipped alright don't
oh that's showing the newest thing I
have uh I was being dumb the whole time
I was being stupid
don't mind me chat I'm dumb so I could
have been equipping this stuff but I
wasn't
see if I click this no I do
Oh I'm confused I thought I had these
oh okay alright so I do have these
actually equipped they're on me but
they're not actually equipment if that
makes sense
you feel me it's just a cursed object so
I have all these cursed things so it's
not actually equipment like I thought
for some reason because I'm stupid
sorry DSP no Roggin thanks man
so I am Draven thanks man okay so I was
done anyway back to what I was doing
before
how about that sweet sweet Cardinals
light let me tell you about did you stop
Schwarz
all right so my buddy won't help me so
they don't count us cuz they do kind of
scarce cards but I can't equip them as
in like I can't like use them on my body
[Music]
you ran from us what subject
so funny hey Fame Jesus ooh new shit eat
less every third step does not consume
food defend poor all right
I have little trust in artifacts that
breathe myself
[Music]
okay so it doesn't actually do anything
for defense but it's fancy as fuck
25 gold 15 man what's this here I don't
need to go there
that's good here all right and now you
must begin to ask yourself how these
threats connect are you simply a patsy
for the Empire or did you hope to be
something greater the relics lead you to
a mysterious tower you'll need to ascend
it to reach the mage at its summit the
storm swells ominously overhead
the wheel is one of my favorite
innovations it combines many different
elements of our game into one I don't
know how it would stop if it would stop
immediately and the thing I hit or if it
has a slowdown thing so this is gonna be
okay
it's a slow down okay I got a success
though what is it what
why would I the trick sir okay sure
good excellent a wise decision
as he climbed the tower stairs a voice
calls down from above do you even know
why you're here how much do they tell
you they ordered you out into the wilds
when they sent you out here like a dog
after up you continue to wind your way
up the tower oh shit
this is this kind of game oh oh no oh I
can use it to redraw as though that
means heli arri draw thanks buddy
god damn it buddy you tried your best
oh dear
ha ha move fast the next time the relics
burn brightly searing your hands are
y'all fave some of the ranks do believe
you're all the one to harness that power
the voice asks in an amused tone well I
hope so
are you kidding me I never asked for
this
make a little Duggars it doesn't have
less my paycheck all right man if that's
what you won you finally beat
established hour you have bonne sant
offered to do the bidding of the true
Italian these relics can be horse to the
freedom but here you are looking to
return them to him shit I see you bring
the Lenox the maid says of the green men
a thief can't be trusted to deliver on a
job but one can always rely on the
predictability of the empire to send
that dogs she holds the remaining
relegated mockingly I suppose shall be
wanting this who is cursed blade take it
she says calmly but be warned its curse
will SAP your strength in your will to
fight and combat is inevitable my friend
or she continues you can let me keep it
but should you best me it will be lost
to you forever more I'll take the relic
they're wheeled out of those I don't get
okay
lose one blessing after every combats in
which they use a weapon ability artifact
the relic is heavier in your hands than
you expected and its presence clouds
your thoughts the Mane's last your
Imperial masters will be most proud
prepare to meet your fate you struggle
to lift your weapon as a group of
thieves join them to the frame all right
it's all good so good
got this
this mage went to extraordinary lengths
economies erotics made short projectiles
for distance he was obeyed to avoid our
tax okay
okay that's the timing catch it oh sorry
this way so there's a delay in hair
attacks
[Music]
what are you doing I'm guessing if I
kept you
that's like a curse
okay
over there
yes samalex I'm trying to learn
in your light leave there it's like
unfair and stuff
and push the benefit that works yeah
[Music]
that's ambitious with water someone
with the relics recovered your journey
back to the Imperial City - you journey
back to claim your reward
captain Estrela meets you at the city
gates I'll take you straight to the
chief council shoe here to examine what
she brought back on the walk to the
palace you explained that you safely
recovered all the relics this may be a
rare day when the council's smile mr.
Ellis says you can see her trying to
catch the words as they come out
I apologies this is indeed another
glorious day for the Empire the chief
council looks over the relics he
returned you have done well we shall
keep these relics safe lest they fall
into last learned at hounds I did a gang
what every far as this tale is a part of
your history a part of the reasons that
bring you here we got a holographic shit
it's interesting I've never seen a
weapon with a token on it another one
[Music]
another holographic that's interesting
huh
as again the rear or the real rare ones
today
thank you oh because we cleared it out
nice this is cool huh what a neat video
game let's see the High Priestess
counters alright got up with a hollow in
here we don't know what's that wait
brimstone limit reached max brimstone
cards 0 of 0 you see this is a platinum
card
so brimstone is like probably like
hardcore is flock interesting alright we
only wanted to do ones we have metals
for fuck that goddamn market Eve but I
got to do it throw her in there maybe
she's just amazing
and we also have new cards actually he
has screws screw that nevermind I like
her but I want to do new cards I want to
know what's going on
a parrot contact sounds fun and explore
the wilds Shh palace armory that's not
sick yeah there's actually a lot of cool
cars I want to try out billy clubs it's
a metal so we have to try that out
exclusively it is new Sarver's new
whatever that is is new
because gamblers jewel yeah sure
I mean we have no actual shields well
that's okay who cares it's fine that's
possible one of these brigands blade so
we just start with let's go fucking Nate
no Crayola cos game more than the first
one or still be determined yeah
absolutely
it was great
you find yourself once again in the
company of prayer and religion how
unfortunate
[Music]
now it begins negotiations on behalf of
the Empire we will see how that story
ends think isvara Malek lips has somehow
ropes you into traveling deep into the
far north on a diplomatic mission while
I usually refrain from working for the
Empire since this one takes me further
away from it I've made an exception
they'll square my debt with general
brand strim and help open many doors for
you what do you say how can I help as
you know I have great many skills but my
swordsmanship is unlikely to hold up
against the northern Raiders I know one
alright I know no one else who is more
up to the task
um who's the leader there are many clans
dotted around but the supposed leader of
them is thing High Priestess who lives
up there I'll clip some points that
tompa that's right Mountain before you
more mad general bran strim instructed
me not to come back until I talked to
the High Priestess of the north and
offer the terms of the treatment okay so
where we're trying to stop them from
going nuts
excellent bring your sword and let me do
the talking it says mouth lips I brought
plenty of supplies so we can set up camp
when we get hungry
what a fucking brother I'll clip shares
a tidbit as you commence your journey
that priestess is quite posh the
blessings if you can prove yourself
worthy we'd have a better chance at
swagger in our favor collect at least
six blessings for meeting the High
Priestess Jesus six
gritty give me a sense okay careful
where one takes refuge even in the worst
storms
the climb becomes unbearable as a
ferocious Blizzard sweeps the mountain
you seek shelter in a cape and
desperately fight off the onset of frost
my shit gonna go with 4/4 is always
right I was right
when the howling winds ease the clear
you clear the snow from the cave
entrance to discover that our clouds
have passed Mel Eclipse forages for
firewood saying it this log is dry
enough we can set up camp here for the
night
teaching me about can time fires will
always offer warmth and heat but they
also change with each challenge
be prepared a figure appears from out of
the swirl of frost and so it's a
northerner I common piece
he says I made the pilgrimage to the
High Priestess I'm in there no hop
without waiting for approval he slips
down beside you and warms up as in let
the campfire in my youth I once fancied
a northerner warrior she almost cut off
my head of nice sharin a tutor
well eclipsed plugs have more full notes
on his lute young lover hey thank you
equipment sure oh you got a sweet guard
dog what does this do
son defense cause the briefs under
thieves who would hit the player a
million times
reduce the chance of goblins sealing and
I know by 50%
this is gold stolen by 50% nice
interesting
[Music]
well
let's cook some food delicious now we're
gonna sleep through the long cold night
in the morning you pack your things to
continue planning askers way a lovely
portion awaits us were walking dead
Nietzsche truly wild Nietzsche will not
tolerate fury in its domain unless it is
its own hey high up on the mountain you
see this a lot of men approaching
through the heavy snow he bellows
through the roaring winds who dance
trespassing the sacred brands of a
priestess hidden Raiders spring down the
mountain with the dexterity of mountain
kids just happens sometimes
I gotta use my bring the weights oh they
look sweet - mm-hmm well dirty but sweet
a sharp knife quickly applied under the
cover of night has long been the tool of
the pens and cripples
[Music]
we talk about how good I am killing
people
yes all right thank you
I'm looking for a signal to a Jenner
integration is like
it was a sweet fucking deal there fuck
the clash of steel rings out echoing
through the peaks of the mountain the
mountains answer with low ominous Rumble
as a wall of white brushes towards the
melee swimming away everything that's
path bashing square good job excuse me
sir
I also press triangle and a I press
triangle and s
as well don't forget those buttons and
sometimes I'll even press circle hey you
seek shelter against the bluff pressing
close to the rock face as the Avalanche
roars overhead when the trembling stops
your Americus Leone scan your assailants
weapon jets from the snow as you near
you realize it is so close to Santa
his body buried to the wrist by the
Avalanche hmm I guess I'll get him out
you brave the cold and free the Raider
from his icy grave he makes a moment
every takes a moment to catch his breath
and says you saved me though we had a
means by blood take my blessing and
leave me to be blessed me
and plus two to each of your dice during
the dice gambit really that's fucking
sick that's a really good blessing use
the Empire to provide the fodder for
your own challenges I understand you
visit your contacts in the imperial
armory you must be planning for trouble
if you come to me for help he says with
a knowing grin tell me who are you
hunting not sure but I can find the ball
to account for battle well I am fighting
northerners but I can't seem to deal
with that so just say thieves you
telling me your honey thieves not an
uncommon practice these days account
one's heading to the vault
[Music]
we got a lot of trouble if anyone finds
a letter Terry from the vault
I would sent to you what I can't take it
it would studious here a moment before
except from the gold and handing it over
the atom funny what else you were never
here
he says they quickly has on the cold out
of sight oh yeah how appropriate I can't
even use it I just realized that needed
thing in the cold men become desperate
women hold these mountains together even
through the worst this is the same thing
I got to fend off frost by now fuck for
it was again he was again nice
all right so we got through the blizzard
just fine you can't fire here if you
want but we don't meet - we're good
there's no way I'm gonna get enough fame
for that goddamn mercenary guard know
every temple is crumbled into the dust
more's the pity I could get it fuck you
know what camp wait oh hey another dude
huh there's a as though you're being
stalked a gentle northerner pilgrim man
emerges from the darkness slumping down
beside you
Bob Freitas does every bite he says with
a grin I love her harsh kiss and bitter
cold embrace another day's good climb
okay so I was gonna say I could just
sell the thing I just got something
probably I gotta get enough fame for it
anyway I'll do it I'll just sell it's a
waste of money I had 20 gold so I'll
only be getting doubt for gold is what
I'm saying
it sucks why it is what it is Oh buying
equipment though you know it's crazy
[Music]
I lost before not worth yeah no but I
need something I need something man all
right see I wanted to see if I could go
back to the one that I'm on already but
I can't so now the mountain itself
pushes you back
go up the mountain
[Music]
which is I will tolerate they have at
least depth into the streams of power
that magicians call home as you ascend
the snowy mountain
you happen upon a cottage with pungent
smoke wafting on Jimmy a frail old lady
sweeping snow off the bed path beckons
you to come in we've come in search of
the great High Priestess to deliver an
important message says Malek lips if
better go berry blessings if you want to
get on the High Priestesses good side
I'm finishing a batch right now if we
got a taste of cord it right this time
take it to her she says stirring the
cauldron
Malek lips plently the clients I've been
watching what I eat but my companion
here has an insatiable appetite and SATs
nudging it forward oh my oh man
ROG this sounds so good for yes
so as prior to combat with two or more
Monster Cards optionally discard a basic
monster but lose your companion for
three turns you take a sip dude four is
always the right choice man
just always pick four you take a sip of
the aromatic potion and feel a warm
fuzzy feeling flowing through your body
looks like uh looks like my recipe is a
success
I'm sure hot priestess will appreciate
this one you think the old lady and
continue up Mount Freitas paying no heed
to the brewing blizzard you got it won't
pay heed a grand opportunity for you to
take whatever pleases you and go about
your day I will make a donation yes
happy to the idol last mortals to all my
fellow Mexicans may have all your loved
ones who you have last continue to
protect you I know my clumsy ass needs
all the protection I can get everything
that guys that was yesterday huh and my
dumb I could've sworn I was this C+ for
gold after every dice Kabat 15 health
for every gold gain car do you receive
oh wow that's amazing
if your max life is less than 150 you
may discard food gain now we're
equipment cards seriously plus my advice
get up to 20 gold at the beginning of a
new map and less than 20 gold lose the
speed of a wheel camera
I think that gold zealot sounds amazing
honestly yeah ambu yeah let's get let's
through the gold this 15 life every time
how I added absolutely with a nice touch
of notice the very lands and evil feet
can slide away exactly ice its fill it
with surprises well they had a fate
bunch of bomb
I'm all about the hand-feed life mask my
shit I need to put some sleeves on this
[Music]
man combo for days man and he came out
of nowhere
[Music]
all about aggression if you have
problems be be aggressive where'd you go
the first day we wait there the dead
begins the first was the day of the
innocence for the children who have
passed the second day is there the dance
piece has oh I do not know that okay
thank yous every gambler loses
eventually even when the deck is stacked
in their favor
[Music]
Lester still rings out okay here's the
avalanche portion you've gotta try not
to die here dice are a constant reminder
of death holy shit that is so easy as
I'm sure you know and they are often
called bones for the material from which
they were crafted here however they may
also bring a touch of life I have two
things that give me more for my dice
rolls now that's amazing okay so now
it's gonna be the thing okay so I can
dig him out
I want to take him out so he got a
blessing okay I took him out you say me
yep same things last time blesses me in
combat boost like 275 and life drops
full of 25 and discard this card
Blizzard okay
typical blizzard nonsense it's okay
we're just gonna pick four it's fine
just pick four were fine for god fucking
damnit wretched smell of fish means
stale sweat alerts you to the presence
of a bear rousing from hibernation the
ferocious beast bares its teeth and
swipe see with giant paws wow he flew
the cave having barely survived the
master the savage attack
luckily the blizzard passed damn Fidel
needs him Ouisa Shawn to say yet nature
itself attempting to thwart you this son
of a bitch this time this time he's mine
here we go here we go I don't even know
how is that a market one boots to fuck
[Music]
I fucking hate the marketing so much I
hate him so much
there's a great disdain
greetings fellow traveler a cheerful
fellow clad and brilliant yellow surco
passes you on the road one day let me
tell you your outfits exquisite
I should know I almost wore that exact
thing today he pulls that a heaven
school I've been documenting every nook
and cranny of this beautiful land and my
soul is shaking with delight at the
thought of shouting frontier Maori stirs
be breathtaking the old tree climbing be
non-lethal with an enthusiastic wave the
man shoulders is heavy rucksack and
continues his journey whistling all the
while see yep the same thing there too
okay
I mean he's very nice I was expecting a
little more it would have revealed the
entire map oh okay
gotcha so it was useless for that
situation but um okay that's pretty
funny the mountain is unforgiving you
would not be the first to die upon it to
think
no other brood which is I have a
fondness for them but I would not trust
them further up the mountain the
blizzard becomes so intense II barely
see the tiny cottage engulfed in snow
and all they need beckons you in it from
my sis's Hulk and I've been expecting
you I may not be as skilled as her but
this blessing potion I whipped up is my
best yet do you think it's good enough
to take to the High Priestess she says
blowing the steam off of a simmering
bowl of thick liquid I really couldn't
say his mouth I'm suspending his belly
well I could fuck this up horribly that
was really this really fast for has
never let me enhance not me now but it
won't do it again
you take a sip of the putrid potion in
your stomach churn I knew I should now
substitute the cloudberries from bog
berries
she says comforting you choose the
righteous path and you'll find blessings
on your way I'm sure you step outside
into the blistering calling it's a new
york-bound frames alright so for is let
me down two times in a row gamblers
fallacy dictates that this will let me
down again
because usually gamblers fallacy by the
way is like oh man I've I lost two coin
flips in a row
I got again at this time let's go that's
gamblers fallacy some people earlier
were mentioning gamblers fallacy in the
completely wrong context I guess I could
just do a campfire there the sixth
summation are usually precess people and
drive the deal the Empire's requested
anyway similar things and flee I need to
warm I can't do it yet I'll come back
ma'am I'll come back matrons are hard to
eradicate the best of times we have our
ways of hiding from the light so this is
the second part of this this quest line
I guess you could say so the first one
was we eat the flower and
we didn't have a bad time this time
we're at the underneath following mile
eclipses cryptic directions many of
which involved the borrowing of farm
animals you arrive at the edge of a vast
and lonely lake there you uncover a cave
entrance blocked by a stone door we must
seek out
IRRI half the veil and the underneath
the barn extend explained as he followed
a frightened cow around the previous
night um why are you seeking her mal
Eclipse drops his wine bottle nervously
and forces aloud and hearty laugh
completely ignoring her question the
bespectacled ogre manning the door to
the internet doesn't look up from his
book as he approached ten food items per
entry he grunts well clips capsule
robbery if you're trying to hustler sir
I'll have you know that I can shoot
lightning from my fingertips the
doorkeeper sighs times are hard for us
mal you'll see when you get in there I
can't afford that the ogre places his
book down and with a mighty push the
stun door rolls open a narrow tunnel
takes you deep below the earth opening
into a vast limestone cavern twinkling
on the edge of an underground lake lies
a shimmering small shantytown wait why I
say shimmering that's stupid a small
shantytown red lanterns lining the quiet
streets mal eclipse leads on it welcome
to the entity for conch life he's
changed his voice is just all over the
place since that bothersome Empire did
he addict we've had to hide away in
their places like this this used to be
quite the hub of activity but now he
surveys the silent streets grimly I
guess the Empire's increasing its waters
a few majors I used suspiciously as they
passed
I have no money so that bruising
wouldn't make sense how about we enter
devils and ears to have earned now
eclipse breeze in a heady ascent of
berry one smoking for this that was it I
hum away from him he pulls out his
lutein leaves to serenade the pretty
bartender he tries her best to ignore
you survey the bar
a group of burly ogres crowds a to small
table meanwhile a giant fleshy eyeball
floats some early by the windows check
out the eyeballs ensuite the creature
watches use the approach with interest a
smile breaks out in the non flesh at its
base but it care to dance
small one right but you can't dance
smart one that's assault way sure it is
a slow circle and dance the creature
humming an old harvest song all the
while
after some intern determinate amount of
time the dance ends the creature size
that took me back to my youth what are
you by the way also the couch size is so
large and it's difficult to tell whether
it is looking at you or somewhere behind
you the creature chuckles and the fleshy
tendrils under its and its underbelly
shake heartily okay you want to trade
this is an item that I kept from the
last boy all right
it regurgitates an item onto the floor
with a clatter Oh meet Bob what you
offer in return
nothing can I just say no I have to oh
do you want you want this I need weapons
so and inspects the equipment yes it
should be an elaborate addition to my
collection
Thanks you know my thoughts on priests
and their ilk and needs Fame as well
shit that's awkward I will die
Havva the ogres
there was arguing jovially about
weddings they seem to be caught in some
kind of dice gambling game shit I wish
it and trade the ring and perfect what
are the rules he reaches for the rubies
does he and ever slaps another on the
back of fine no rooms just roll the toys
the toys a bigger number all I choose
you wait elder ogre clears his throat
you might want to know cell sort that we
are playing for blessings
well yes they leave them beat you guys
to the floating I trade can I trade it
back I said we could only show dodge it
was all I could carry around today oh I
can't we can't do trade backsies
all right well that's okay I stopped one
blessing which gives me plus to trade
again the absolutely oh well yeah I just
did
Lourdes ogre throws down throws you the
dice and pulls out a shimmering and
scroll containing the blessing you're
playing floor I'm Pam okay divine
intervention I know that means roll 18
and this spelled scroll Oh God
the game is a very fair the ogre is
bristle one grips his club menacingly as
he rises to his height of two men you're
quickly reminded that you're dealing
with the ogres here I'll play fuck it I
don't really like this one yeah I
wouldn't use that
Yogesh on slim their fists on the table
and cheerful rhythm and while you
prepare to roll the bones okay well
here we go team put fuck easy because we
got that sweet blessing with drink place
aiding them thankfully the ogres do not
protest their loss with violence so we
kept this so we got this back actually
and after you after all your rerolls in
a dice gambit re-roll your lowest dice
ah that's sick
can i play again a lot of Slugger throws
either dice and pulls you out as oh I
can do it again how do you keep doing
I'm gonna scam these fuckers hell yeah
here a sacrifice do work on men easy a
win here sets the tone for your
challenge
guys look at that back and I got reduced
gambits you guys want to fucking go
again let's fucking go dude hell yeah
we're just fucking scammers now go get
the ring back I can't the ring is gone
shit it's okay I'll just reroll this one
oh but I rolled out again because of
that blessing come on go three times in
a row they scared me
alright that bullshit
[Music]
that's a bullshit that is some bullshit
I got scammed we're going it again play
the game
second wins yeah about that
let's fucking go I got scam dude alright
we got it okay
I got a gmail on called ice master you
don't see it though god it's for the
exact okay score the exact target value
in a dice gambits you draw three
equipment cards that have discard this
card holy shit
it's amazing hell yeah dude
let's fucking throw down second i want
together
got it
[Music]
it's so fucking reviving companions at
the beginning of each new map I have to
have that any what I even died dude
we're just getting all the fucking
Buzzy's it's all fucking good dude oh
I'll get my hero sacrifice back here
well uh allies assurance sounds lame
it's all good
this is to earn dude we got the leave
the cumin for this got it again see stop
all your head why why stop while you're
ahead
there's no reason to that's bullshit
thinking prior to combat with super more
Monster Cards optionally ok yeah yeah we
had that before
do you even have any other blessings to
do ok guardian angel
let's fucking do this dude because
you'll lose and what we'll lose one more
fucking card why is no reason to stop
[Music]
the no reason optionally retry any
chance cards gambit I wouldn't have had
that if I stopped what's that it's a
sparkling sword thing would've had that
if I stopped that would I chat you're
getting greedy really all those actually
terrible okay
well maybe I should have stopped it's
okay though
we still got we only lost the car that
we don't even care about doesn't even
matter it doesn't even matter
honestly I think we can go one more I
think we can go one more I'll is your
turn I don't even want that card though
I don't know what that one cares about
that card nobody cares about that card I
could do one more than anyone why what
is this one
keep them do I have anything I don't
care about this one I care about all
right it doesn't matter if you lose this
one this one was literally nobody cares
about this car we got it see easy pretty
much as long as we have this and the
other car that we just won I don't care
if I lose those two cards those two
cards mean nothing to me
they're literally useless cards to me so
why not why not you know why not go
until I don't have those two cards that
I don't like back to the bones I hope
you have learned to be their master yeah
something like that
there we go see see that what do we got
now if you have a zero gold and zero
food at the beginning of a new map draw
five game cards holy shit that's very I
mean it's useless for me now but that's
really good okay I want to see what this
card does
is there that's why mom left us imagine
if we didn't get rid of that ring holy
shit
they'll be amazing okay can reroll this
come on fuck that's okay
it's fine it's all good I'm sorry
remember we have the other one that we
don't care about and we're gonna get
this one back from just winning it's all
good it's all fucking good if we lose
this though
that will stop I promise if we just lose
those two will stop right so lost one we
could get it back right here though
very possibly let's just remaining under
four wasn't worth it I'm gonna lose it
now unless I got a really high roll here
nope all right wasn't worth
but we lost the things that I didn't
want so it doesn't matter it's all good
we're eight of six of what we needed
it's finer than me I feel satisfied of
who what happened there I am leaving the
good time at the tavern no more let's
peruse the source
let's just see what there I have zero
money why bother let's let's go find the
way that we're supposed to be finding
anyway
Maalik clips leads the way through the
dim lonely streets
iris acid we can hear screaming coming
from within a woman in robes adorned
with silver ornaments greasy at the door
I accept you would come begging for him
how - you are late Mel Eclipse boughs of
the grin oh I have an illness I'm hoping
so pictures of cure
IRA of the veil frown service before
nodding and lending you into her house
you enter the sitting-room and the
sources of the wailing has made clear a
man is locked in a cage crying in
fevered agony sores of corruption fester
in his body with that warning she opens
the cage and the man rushes at you what
was surprising strength
iris subdue is the mad riling creature
this is the mage Cohen
he thought he could fight off the
corruption but he could not IRA watches
Mel eclipse carefully as cohan as
cohan's cries get more and more guttural
what should I do with him the barn looks
away discussed a few in his face it
appears close to passing
make you fly the rap by the way as most
call me endless and lynnie burdened by
the way she knots before turning to you
what do you do
probably keep locked up she threw as the
creature beggars at the Cajun
long-standing gay anyway mouth lips
makes a feeble joke about going to get
some candied buns for the show but a
withering glance from I reckon it's in
the same the imprisoned mage begins to
deteriorate quickly the source of
corruption spread across his body and
blood begins the port from his mouth as
he throws himself at the cage the
umpteenth time you know no shred of
humanity remains IRA flings and it
changed shard of ice from our hands into
the crop damage throat kill him
instantly you're too weak she glances
the Malick lips who has started staring
wide-eyed at the dead major three well
see normally I would have killed him
right but I father's this lady women
like needed to test there was some shell
budget a sound fucking damnit
with that dealt with IRA begins
tinkering at a table Street with dead
and shining things I do have a cure but
as you know nothing comes free with our
kind she taps silver dance from a violin
save the stolen made children for me and
I will give you the key oh nice
doesn't matter anyway it's all good
listen if I have bastards have taken
them to some world forts on the docks of
the city and you better hurry
iris miles and Mel eclipses the illness
can't be hard at bear for much longer
I'd wager barn avoids our games well how
do you two know each other
he was my lava when I was young and
stupid mara says matter of fact nonsense
Malcolm's cats why I'm alluring all all
ages you'd be glad to have me sooner
correctly
I recluse mount Malik lives a severe
look as he box cowering using your leaf
all right well um bye
I hope the veil finds you again Z begin
your sentient math the bar turns around
you catch a glimpse of hope in his eyes
she avoids his gaze take the children to
the madman near the frost foot they run
an orphanage I fear there's no not a
savior
well I got enough for this shit so um
let's do it the winds clear the dark
clouds soon reveal the spire of a ritual
house protruding from the summit you
press on through thick snow to find the
wooden structure dawn - spoils of war as
he went to the Great Hall the towering
orchard - doors swing open with a heavy
freak the giant s in velvet robes and is
accompanied by radars man Eclipse boughs
low to the ground my companion and I
have been sent forth to discuss a truce
between the Empire and the northerners
m'lady so they send me a silver-tongued
devil and his mercenary she smirks
I hope for your sake you have a decent
hovering you kneel before the High
Priestess your offerings Will Survive
says the giantess but if you seek to
make a deal on behalf of the Empire you
must prove your Sheriff against my
champion bitch those are three people
the five greatest our soldier whatever
I got blessings and shit
my champion - oh he's rude very slow and
relentless champion of the High
Priestess Berserker weapons are imbued
with ice that slow their enemy's
movements and attacks okay
[Music]
Hey
you've done well now here my turn the
High Priestess draws herself up a
towering figure draped in fur and raft
the north have never been to the Empire
blood for blood for blood those are my
times smaller but your leaders hear it
quake with that you make a quick descent
to play the message back to general
brands from Bray humble hammer
berserkers greed and extinguisher the
winter solstice burning buildings temple
prayers in the good dog refer for
ascending ascending mount freitas your
supplies okay we got some more food
we got a warriors X with a metal on it
and a soldier sort
organic favor with behind priestess we
got the dark throat ring and a shrine of
some kind for convincing IRA to help mal
malleable at flips we got the stone once
random lamppost some fantasy pressure
did again damn well you understand the
basic rules of the game now I do from
here they will change so in case you're
wondering why the game looks like kind
of easy and all that stuff right now
this is still the beginning to the game
there's a lot more to go this is like
literally the beginning of the game stop
there's like twenty two things never
bunch of crazy shit like this threat
right now it's still like the tutorial
level you know so if you think it's easy
give it a shot just give a chance just
give it a chance
also there are the the endless mode to
which literally just goes and goes and
goes
it's a attempt not sponsored by the way
it is in fact not sponsored nope this is
not sponsored I swear I would just give
the game for free ZZZ
but it was fun
however I'm hungry I want me some food
food sounds great I love even when
streaming I know right now it would say
two hours but I started streaming
earlier than that because my internet
had that issue one four hours 100 or 50
yeah four hours
I'd say four hours of this ain't bad
shit well thanks for joining
I
[Music]
I'm gonna do that's it anyway I'm going
to go do that now and I guess eventually
okay that guys
goodbye